# Distribution of stake income

After deducting fixed Platform expenses such as server costs and personnel expenses from the above-mentioned revenues, up to 60% of the remaining net income  is planned to be distributed to users as Hepta Tokens as stake income. Based on the duration and amount of Hepta Tokens that users stake on the Hepta Stake platform, users will have a stake in the stake pool. As the total stakes change, the amount of stake income distributed as a reward may also change. 20% of the remaining net income will be spent on platform development and 20% wlil be transferred to the Heptagon Education Foundation. \*Hepta Stake platform will be launched depending on Heptagon  Metaverse developments.&#x20;

Sponsorship agreements with Sports Clubs: As Heptagon Metaverse, it will cooperate with all sports clubs through Advertising and Sponsorship agreements. While promoting and supporting the clubs, selling the club products through virtual stores in the Metaverse environment and the revenues from these, sports clubs will have a brand-new income stream, while Heptagon will become the second home of all fans. The viewers who follow the matches of the clubs in the Heptagon universe will also have instant access to all the news and statistics about the clubs. Club official products will be available on the Heptagon metaverse, both as NFTs and as real products, and these revenues will provide a new revenue stream to the collaborating clubs.&#x20;

Heptagon as a new universe for Fan Tokens: Every day, clubs offer their fan tokens and bring them together with their fans. Not only league clubs but also National Teams show interest in this. However, we see that Fan tokens have no real use. Heptagon offers a unique solution in this regard. Fans will now be able to trade their fan tokens on the Heptagon Metaverse by swapping them for Hepta tokens. Thus, fan tokens will easily be equipped with the utility feature of Hepta Token.
